0. PLEASE DRAG the right-bottm corner after having two or more important days to get a better view

1. It will display nothing in the first place, to show all the important days, 
click "ALL" button, it will show all days ordered by date

2. To show the same type of this year, you need to choose the type first(one of three checkbox),
and click the button: This Year, it will show the ordered important days with the same type

3. checkboxes don't apply on the other buttons except This Year button

4. To show the important days that already passed in this year, 
just click the "Passed This Year" button, it will show the upcoming important days ordered by date

5. To show the important days that are upcoming in this year, 
just click the "Upcoming This Year" button, 
it will show the upcoming important days ordered by date

6. To add an important day, click "Add an Important Day" button at the bottom,
It will show a new window that allows the user to enter the information about a new important day

6.1 Select the type of the day by selecting one of three options in the combobox: 
    Anniversary, Birthday, Occasion

6.2 Enter the name by typing on the textfield besides Name:

6.3 Choose the date by click the button "...", and then choose the date

6.4 Enter the description by typing on the textfield besides Description:

6.5 Enter the specific parameter by typing on the textfield besides the label:
Location for Anniversary, Person Name for Birthday, Frequency for Occasion

6.6 If any of Name, Date, or Specific parameter is empty when click the "Create" button, 
dialog windows will pop up according to the missing information
For example, is the name and date are missing, two dialog windows will pop up: 
one for the name and one for the date

6.7 If you change your mind, click the "Cancel" button to go back to the main window

6.8 After enter all the required information, click the "Create" button, 
a Success dialog window will pop up, showing all the information of the new important day
click "ok" button to go back to the main window

7. After creating a new important day, click "ALL" button to refresh the list,
the new day will show up and ordered by date

8. If you want to remove a day, click the "remove" button besides each day, 
and click the "ALL" button to refresh,
the removed day will disapprear and the remaining days will be ordered by date

9. To save the changes, you need to close the main window.

